Soar 601 pan os plugin commit action default change - VERSION BUMP only (#473)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: palo_alto_pan_os/help.md

# Version History

> * 1.5.7 - Default value of Commit action updated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 1.5.7 - Update to add the default value of Commit action
```

Reviewer 2: it isn't actually adding the default value - it's fixing the default value which was incorrect.
